Adding RPi explanation, todo and script example (#4)
insektionen/kistan-doc: src/lights/roof_led/index.md

network as the servers and LMixer is streaming the layer data over the network
using UDP.

[roof_indexing]: ./images/roof_indexing.png "The addressing for roof LEDs"

## Raspberry Pi 3b+

> Is used to control the roof LEDs. It is powered with normal a outlet and connected to the internet with a LAN cable.

Author: ```suggestion
Is used to control the roof LEDs. It is powered with a normal USB Power supply and is connected to the internet with a LAN cable.
```

![rpi_image]

> [rpi_image]: ./images/RPI_image.jpg "The pinout of the Raspberry Pi 3b+"

Author: I think we can skip this image since it's used for the next one with markings. The empty image adds little information on this page.

> The black wire is connected to ground on pin number 4(GND)</br>

Author: ```suggestion
The black wire is connected to ground on pin number 4(GND)

```
